you guys remember the nothing phones
right the phones with the glyph lights
on the back of the devices well they
have a new phone that branches off the
original Line This is the cmf phone one
and it's $200 and it's arguably the best
phone you can get for this price point
but unlike normal phones this was
designed to be opened up so if you take
a look at the back you see four screws
and a fifth thumb screw on the bottom
right here and when you remove all the
screws and the SIM tray with an SD slot
you can remove the back panel which
allows you to change the colors of the
device the stock black color and the
light green are like a matte finish
plastic it's a very smooth texture it's
not particularly grippy but the orange
and blue these are a softer finish it's
like a faux leather material that just
has a little bit more grip now you might
think that the main idea behind a
removable back plate like this would be
to allow the user access to the battery
so they can swap it out whenever they
need but there's a very clear warning
right when you open it up telling you
not to do just that and also there's
tamper evident tape so if you did open
up to remove the battery they would know
it is very easy to do it though it's
just I don't think the company wants you
to do that but in case you're curious
this uses the same battery as the one
that's in the nothing phone 2A the other
thing that the screws a li to do is to
attach accessories so there's a foldout
kickstand and then a card holder both of
which are kind of okay to me but there
is this lanyard that I think is pretty
neat it's got this super thick rope and
the mounting Point seems very well done
so if this is you know something that
you're interested in terms of the look
it's built right into the phone so these
accessories are $25 each which is I
think it's fairly expensive considering
the phone is only 200 bucks but the
cases are $35 and the unfortunate thing
is that the base models only come in
black and if you want to change the
color you have to spend the money to buy
one of these back plates now I do think
it's something that they have to do to
be able to keep the price of this phone
down because for a $200 phone this has
surprisingly good components so this has
8 gigs of RAM 128 gigs of storage but
the display is really nice it's a 120hz
6.67 in Super AMOLED and it Peaks at
2,000 knits now the bezels aren't super
thin and they're also not even the
bottom bezel here is a little bit
thicker than the top and sides but the
image is fantastic but also the chip is
really good for the price point it's
running a mediatech 7300 one of the
faster budget chips and it feels really
responsive light and even moderately
demanding games play well in it but even
heavier games like genin and weing waves
those need to run at lower settings but
they still play very smoothly on this
device in regards to the camera system
it's a decent shooter but I think I was
expecting a little bit more because they
had hyped up that 50 megapixel Sony
sensor it shoots well in good lighting
conditions but the moment you have like
imperfect lighting you lose a lot of the
detail I think there's a ton of
processing that cooks some of the finer
details also it's technically only like
a single lens shooter the images are
shot off this bottom lens the top top
lens is apparently only used for just
like depth sensing in portrait photos it
doesn't actually shoot images off of
that top sensor battery life was quite
good which is expected because it is a
big 5,000 mAh battery uh but a couple
other thoughts the vibration motor here
is by default really weak you have to
crank it up to like the Mac setting and
then it becomes more usable but out of
the box it's like strangely weak uh
fingerprint sensor is good it's an
optical one not ultrasonic but it was
fast and responsive but there are some
deficiencies so the first one and I'd
say the biggest one is that this device
doesn't have NFC support So if you use
Google pay or any kind of tap payment
system there's also no wireless charging
and also the speaker system it's a mono
speaker on the bottom so it doesn't
sound particularly great and also it's
quite easy to cover up that speaker when
you're in landscape mode uh but the
other big one is that this thing only
has two years of major Android updates
and 3 years of security updates now over
the past week that I've been using this
phone I can't help but like this thing
more and more and I honestly feel that
the regular nothing phones like as cool
as those glyph lights are I'm drawn to
them part of me feels that this is what
nothing phones should have been like a a
more higher tier version of this would
just be more broadly appealing not
everyone loves lights but I think
there's real utility and functionality
behind like swappable cases and
accessories that attach to this thing uh
I just think it's a really neat device
and I think because this phone doesn't
lean too heavily on this whole gimmick
of like accessories because the Basse
phone is so awesome I think it's just
it's I think it's cool I think it's a
really nice addition to nothing's lineup
uh there is one other thing I wanted to
show you that was interesting with this
launch of the phone came a pair of
earbuds uh the thing that's interesting
on it is this jog dial so this is
a uh it's a earbud system that you open
up connects uh it's got seemingly very
powerful ANC the base is a little heavy
on this thing you're going to have to EQ
if you want really good audio quality
but this jog dial is tactile which is
always cool but it controls the volume
of the stuff you're listening to so
obviously on a phone that's nice but you
can connect it to like your computer or
any kind of home audio system and just
control the audio in your pocket which
is always nicer than like squeeze
controls so I thought that was pretty
cool uh but there you have it that's the
phone and the earbuds from C MF